DOCSP-35840 Mention OnlineArchive on compass MaxTimeMS docs (#595)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/query/maxtimems.txt

   :alt: MaxTimeMS Option

The default :guilabel:`MAX TIME MS` value is 60000, or 60 seconds.

> Consider raising this value if you have a very large collection, if 

Reviewer: [question] is there a way to more concretely quantify a "very large" collection?

Author: There is no limit on the number of documents in a non-capped collection, but I think this depends on the hardware.

> Consider raising this value if you have a very large collection, if 
> your operations are frequently timing out, or if you are querying
> data archived from the Atlas cluster using Online Archive. You can also

Reviewer: I might suggest breaking this sentence up into bullets for improved readability 

```suggestion
Consider raising this value if you meet one of the following conditions:

- You have a very large collection.
- Your operations frequently time out.
- You query data archived from the Atlas cluster using Online Archive. 

You can also
```
